[Colocation] Architecture section (#3719)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/explore/colocated-tables/linux.md

</ul>

In workloads that do very little IOPS and have a small data set, the bottleneck shifts from
CPU/disk/network to the number of tablets one can host per node.
Since each table by default requires at least one tablet per node, a YugabyteDB cluster with 5000
relations (tables, indexes) will result in 5000 tablets per node.
There are practical limitations to the number of tablets that YugabyteDB can handle per node since each tablet
adds some CPU, disk and network overhead. If most or all of the tables in YugabyteDB cluster are small tables,
then having separate tablets for each table unnecessarily adds pressure on CPU, network and disk.

> To help accomodate such relational tables and workloads, we've added support for colocating SQL tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help accomodate such relational tables and workloads, you can colocate SQL tables.
```

Reviewer: Is this for "SQL tables" only? I thought you said it applies to YCQL too.

Author: It's only for SQL.

> Colocating tables puts all of their data into a single tablet, called the colocation tablet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Colocating tables puts all of their data into a single tablet, called the _colocation tablet_.
```

> This can dramatically increase the number of relations (tables, indexes, etc) that can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can dramatically increase the number of relations (tables, indexes, etc.) that can
```
